Bottom cue
NOTE: without align:end, cue could move out of bounds
Bottom right cue
NOTE: without align:start, cue could move out of bounds
Bottom left cue
Top cue
NOTE: without align:end, cue could move out of bounds
Top right cue
NOTE: without align:start, cue could move out of bounds
Top left cue
NOTE: without align:end, cue could move out of bounds
Left cue
Right cue
Center cue
Vertical left to right
Vertical right to left
This is longer text to test cue size. Notice centered alignment.
This is the same cue size. Notice start alignment.
This is the same cue size. Notice end alignment.
This is size 100%. Now test this with much longer text. It should go across video width.
Integer used for line number. Defined first.
Integer used for line number. Defined last.
snapToLines1
Defined first - line 2 cue - snap flag overriden.
snapToLines2
Defined last - line 1 cue - snap flag overriden.